Enabled Virtual WAN scenario in a new vwanConnectivity module (#152)
Azure/ALZ-Bicep: docs/wiki/DeploymentFlow.md

|   9   | Corp Connected Spoke Network           | Creates Spoke networking infrastructure with Virtual Network Peering to support Hub & Spoke network topology.  Spoke subscriptions are used for deploying construction sets and workloads. | Management Groups, Hub Networking & Subscription for spoke networking  | [See network topology deployment below](#network-topology-deployment)                               |

## Network Topology Deployment

You can decide which network topology to implement that meets your requirements. Please review the network topologies [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cloud-adoption-framework/ready/azure-best-practices/hub-spoke-network-topology). The following lists examples of network topology deployment based on the recommended enterprise-scale architecture:

> - [Enterprise-scale hub and spoke](https://github.com/Azure/ALZ-Bicep/wiki/DeploymentFlowHS) - Supports communication, shared resources and centralized security policy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Traditional VNet Hub and Spoke](https://github.com/Azure/ALZ-Bicep/wiki/DeploymentFlowHS) - Supports communication, shared resources and centralized security policy.
```

|   8   | Built-In and Custom Policy Assignments | Creates policy assignments to provide governance at scale.                                                                                                                                 | Management Groups, Log Analytics Workspace & Custom Policy Definitions | [infra-as-code/bicep/modules/policy/assignments/alzDefaults](https://github.com/Azure/ALZ-Bicep/tree/main/infra-as-code/bicep/modules/policy/assignments/alzDefaults) |
|   9   | Corp Connected Spoke Network           | Creates Spoke networking infrastructure with Virtual Network Peering to support Hub & Spoke network topology.  Spoke subscriptions are used for deploying construction sets and workloads. | Management Groups, Hub Networking & Subscription for spoke networking  | [infra-as-code/bicep/modules/spokeNetworking](https://github.com/Azure/ALZ-Bicep/tree/main/infra-as-code/bicep/modules/spokeNetworking)                               |

> The following are optional modules used to deploy components according to the Azure Landing Zone conceptual architecture.

Reviewer 2: Not so much optional as alternatives? I would prefer a wording/order which made it clear that it's either/or.

Author: good point, renaming this as "Other Deployment Scenarios". Starting with vWAN as a scenario, consisting of 2 starter modules which must be deployed in order.

|   8   | Built-In and Custom Policy Assignments | Creates policy assignments to provide governance at scale.                                                                                                                                 | Management Groups, Log Analytics Workspace & Custom Policy Definitions | [infra-as-code/bicep/modules/policy/assignments/alzDefaults](https://github.com/Azure/ALZ-Bicep/tree/main/infra-as-code/bicep/modules/policy/assignments/alzDefaults) |
|   9   | Corp Connected Spoke Network           | Creates Spoke networking infrastructure with Virtual Network Peering to support Hub & Spoke network topology.  Spoke subscriptions are used for deploying construction sets and workloads. | Management Groups, Hub Networking & Subscription for spoke networking  | [infra-as-code/bicep/modules/spokeNetworking](https://github.com/Azure/ALZ-Bicep/tree/main/infra-as-code/bicep/modules/spokeNetworking)                               |

## Other Deployment Scenarios

The following modules can be used to deploy components representing different scenarios according to the Azure Landing Zone conceptual architecture.

> ### Scenario: On-premises connectivity using Azure vWAN

Reviewer: Do we need to add some text here to say you still need to do steps 1,2,3 etc (the ones that are applicable)

Author: @jtracey93 as discussed, I'm creating sub markdowns for network topology deployment of H&S and VWAN. Also updated the high-level deployment flow to include 7 (instead of 9) steps.
https://github.com/Azure/ALZ-Bicep/pull/152/commits/22aab293928ca0a14ed5c2d8e41e18bb4025a63e

| :---: | -------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
|   1   | Virtual WAN Connectivity                      | Deploys the Virtual WAN network topology and its components according to the Azure Landing Zone conceptual architecture.                                                                                          | Management Groups, Subscription for vWAN connectivity.                    | [infra-as-code/bicep/modules/vwanConnectivity](https://github.com/Azure/ALZ-Bicep/tree/main/infra-as-code/bicep/modules/vwanConnectivity)                             |

> |   2   | VNet Peering with vWAN                        | Connect a virtual network to a Virtual WAN hub.                                                                                          | Management Groups, Subscription for spoke VNet, vWAN Connectivity Module                    | [To be developed]                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|   2   | VNet Peering with vWAN                        | Connect a virtual network to a Virtual WAN hub.                                                                                          | Management Groups, Subscription for spoke VNet, vWAN Connectivity Module                    | _**Coming soon**_                            |
```

> |   2   | VNet Peering with vWAN                        | Connect a virtual network to a Virtual WAN hub.                                                                                          | Management Groups, Subscription for spoke VNet, vWAN Connectivity Module                    | [TBD](https://github.com/Azure/ALZ-Bicep/tree/main/infra-as-code/bicep/modules/vnetPeeringvWAN)                             |

Reviewer 2: We want another shortname than TBD for the link

Author: since the module doesn't exist yet, I'd removed the link and renamed it to [To be developed]
